Snow 1065143 fix FQN support for streamlit (#817)
Snowflake-Labs/snowflake-cli: RELEASE-NOTES.md

## Backward incompatibility

## New additions
* Added possibility to specify `database` and `schema` for streamlit apps by providing fully qualified

>   name in `snowflake.yml` (`name = database.schema.name`)

Reviewer: Should we adjust the note?

> * Added possibility to specify `database` and `schema` for streamlit apps by providing fully qualified
>   name in `snowflake.yml` (`name = database.schema.name`)

Author: ```suggestion
* Added support for fully qualified name (`database.schema.name`) in `name` parameter in streamlit project definition
```
